docs/index.md, before:

---
title: Documentation
nav_order: 2
layout: default
---

# Documentation

Welcome to the **KubeSnapIt** documentation! This section will guide you through everything you need to know to use and contribute to KubeSnapIt effectively. Whether you're new to the project or an experienced user, you'll find all the information you need here to help you manage and snapshot your Kubernetes resources.

### Why KubeSnapIt?
KubeSnapIt is designed to simplify the management of Kubernetes resources by providing functionalities for snapshotting, comparing, and restoring configurations. It automates resource management tasks, making it easier to maintain and review your Kubernetes environments.

### Getting Started
You can dive right in by exploring the following sections:

1. [Installation Guide](/docs/installation): Learn how to install KubeSnapIt and configure it for your environment.
2. [Usage](/docs/usage): Step-by-step instructions for capturing snapshots, comparing resources, and restoring configurations.
3. [Contributing](/docs/contributing): Want to contribute? Check out our guidelines for developers and contributors.

Stay tuned for more updates and enhancements as the project evolves!

Commit message:

Update documentation and configuration for KubeDeck Launcher
Signed-off-by: Richard Hooper <Richard.Hooper@pixelrobots.co.uk>

docs/index.md, after:

---
title: Documentation
nav_order: 2
layout: default
---

# Documentation

Welcome to the **KubeDeck Launcher** documentation. This guide provides the information you need to use and contribute to KubeDeck Launcher effectively. Whether you're new to the project or have prior experience, you'll find details to help you manage Kubernetes resources efficiently.

### What is KubeDeck Launcher?

KubeDeck Launcher integrates the functionalities of KubeTidy and KubeSnapIt into a single, PowerShell-based UI. It streamlines Kubernetes management by automating tasks such as cleaning up unused resources in your kubeconfig file and managing snapshots. 

**Key Features:**

- **Unified Interface:** Manage both KubeTidy and KubeSnapIt from a single UI.

- **Resource Cleanup with KubeTidy:**

  - Remove unused or outdated resources from your kubeconfig file.

  - Export specific contexts into separate kubeconfig files.

  - Merge multiple kubeconfig files into one.

- **Snapshot Management with KubeSnapIt:**

  - Capture snapshots of your Kubernetes resources.

  - Restore resources from snapshots.

  - Compare different snapshots to track changes.

By consolidating these tools, KubeDeck Launcher simplifies complex tasks, allowing you to focus on managing your clusters more efficiently. 

### Getting Started
You can dive right in by exploring the following sections:

1. [Installation Guide](/docs/installation): Learn how to install KubeSnapIt and configure it for your environment.
2. [Usage](/docs/usage): Step-by-step instructions for capturing snapshots, comparing resources, and restoring configurations.
3. [Contributing](/docs/contributing): Want to contribute? Check out our guidelines for developers and contributors.

Stay tuned for more updates and enhancements as the project evolves!
